add an faq question about releases (#3431)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/faq/questions/general-questions-faq.md

- {% url "GitHub (Releases & changelog)" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/releases %}
- {% url "npm (Releases)" https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress %}
- {% url "Changelog at Cypress Docs" changelog %}

> ## {% fa fa-angle-right %} How often are new Cypress versions released?
> 
> We strive to release a new minor version of Cypress with new features and bug fixes every two weeks on a Monday. We place all breaking changes in major releases that happen approximately every 3 months. Of course, if there are significant bugs after the release we try to release a patch as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## {% fa fa-angle-right %} How often are Cypress Test Runner versions released?

We schedule releases of the Test Runner on Monday every two weeks. This new version includes any bugfixes and/or features that have been completed by that time.

We schedule major releases with breaking changes approximately every 3 months. 

If there is a significant bug outside of our release schedule then we release a patch as soon as possible.
```
